1) When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
    a) When you want to keep a backup of your work.
    b) When you are working with others.
    c) When you are working from different computers.

2) Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
    a) If Git automatically stays up-to-date with the remote repository, then some commits may be made to your remote that you did not expect or want, especially if more than one person is working on the repository at a time. 

3) Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
    a) A clone is simply a complete copy of all the commits from a particular repository.
    b) A fork is similar to a clone, except in this case it is GitHub cloning a repository on their own servers into a new repository that is still on their servers, but under the account of the person who forked the repository.
    c) A branch is still part of the same repository, but its own saved set of commits, depending on when it was branched and from which branch. 
    d) You would use branching to work on your own features/code but still have it affect the original repository. You would clone a repository if you just want it on your own computer, or fork it if it is on github and you want to keep a copy on github as well.

4)  What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
    a) It ensures that you have the state of the remote branch to review, even if you have been offline for an extended period, and makes it so you are able to check what changes occurred on the remote branch once you come back online.

5) How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
    a) I would likely use something like Sharepoint or Dropbox, and would have to have differently named files between different collaborators. It would only be easier in that we wouldn't need to remember git commands, but it seems that everything else would be harder. Any changes made would not be as explicitly easy to see, and trying to merge changes together would be an entirely manual process. It would also be much more difficult to track any changes made over time, so especially if something stops working, it would be more difficult to figure out which historical file to go back to in order to find the change that caused the issue, and it would also be difficult to figure out who had made the change and when.

